add rpg.actor guest blog post (#675)
bluesky-social/atproto-website: src/app/[locale]/blog/rpg-actor/en.mdx

import banner from "./rpg-actor-banner.png"
import dashboard from "./dashboard.png"
import characters from "./characters.png"
import items from "./items.png"

export const header = {

>   title: 'rpg.actor — What if your RPG character could log in to any game?',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  title: 'What if your RPG character could log in to any game?',
```
